CAL(1)                         MCS-284 Commands Manual                     CAL(1)

NAME
     cal - displays a calendar

SYNOPSIS
     cal [-rgbpco] [[month] year]
     cal [-rgbpco] -m month [year]

DESCRIPTION
     The cal utility displays a simple calendar in traditional format.

     The options are as follows:

     -m month
             Display the specified month.
     -r
             Color the output red
     -g
             Color the output green
     -b
             Color the output blue
     -p
             Color the output pink
     -c
             Color the output cyan
     -o
             Color the output orange


     A single parameter specifies the year (1-9999) to be displayed; note the
     year must be fully specified: "cal 89" will not display a calendar for 1989.
     Two parameters denote the month and year; the month is either a number
     between 1 and 12, or a full or abbreviated name as specified by the current
     locale.  Month and year default to those of the current system clock and
     time zone (so "cal -m 8" will display a calendar for the month of August in
     the current year). A month can be represented by the first 3 letters of its
     name, either capital or lowercase, or the full spelling of its name, or just
     by its number.

     A year starts on January 1.

SEE ALSO
     calendar(3), strftime(3)

HISTORY
     A cal command appeared in Version 5 AT&T UNIX and later in BSD UNIX.
     The output of the cal command is supposed to be bit for bit compatible to
     the original Unix cal command, because its output is processed by other
     programs like CGI scripts, that should not be broken. Therefore it will
     always output 8 lines, even if only 7 contain data. This extra blank
     line also appears with the original cal command, at least on Solaris 8

AUTHORS
     fbelik@gustavus.edu

BUGS
     This program can only perform a subset of the Linux cal program.

MCS-284                           Sep 19, 2019                           MCS-284
